[MUSIC]
I'm Kelsey, I'm a distinguished
engineer at Google Cloud.
I work on compute platforms and
security related topics.
When I was starting,
the only jobs I had previous,
the only jobs I was confident were
accessible to me were fast food jobs.
I wanted a career,
I wanted more than just a job.
So when I zoomed out and asked myself,
what were my career options?
I couldn't think of a better place in
the year 1999 than going into the world
of technologies.
I mean, on the news people were lining
up for the latest operating system.
All the tech people were
the new rock stars.
And I remember flipping
through the opening jobs or
the job openings in the classified
section, and it said anyone that has one
of these certifications let
us know because we're hiring.
The delta between getting started and
getting your first job into that
career that I always wanted,
it was $35 away in a certification book.
So let's talk about Cloud.
So before the time of Cloud,
most companies had their own data center.
Imagine it's just you alone in your house,
you can put anything wherever you want.
You may choose to never lock the doors
on the inside, it's just you.
And for a long time in our industry,
that's the way people
ran their data centers.
Now, we just call that private Cloud,
it's just you there.
But Cloud is public.
And so the analogy would be,
imagine getting roommates,
now you start to think
differently about your stuff.
You start to lock things up even
while you're inside of the house, and
your security discipline is
going to be very different.
As more and
more companies move into Cloud.
You may just be the person who can help
one of those organizations finally make
that leap because they have
a professional on their team.
All right, so
you've gotten the certification,
you've gotten the fundamental skills,
how do you make sure that you can
actually use them in the Cloud?
I'm going to let you in a little secret.
Go use the Cloud.
Go take existing software,
throw it in the Cloud, and
find all the tools that poke and
prod at the thing you just got running and
it's going to tell you where you're weak.
Learn those tools, because those
are the tools that the professionals use.
Learning is a superpower.
It gives you the ability to not only get
that job that you've been looking at,
but it also gives you the ability
to define the next one.
[MUSIC]